the popeye is interactive
accomarca presented smurf a system of watermarks that in combination
with a mobile you can convert printed images into internet links
Luis Marín, marketing director, explains how it works
now we are presenting today it is time for you to think
is a technology that allows you to connect the printed materials with
like three digitals through the mobile phone
in 3 percent
what you thought is our main virtue is the ease the user
you only have to download mobile applications tonight
will be free
percent also that month they get away devil all zoo and you certainly have
If you have a reservation, experience navigating backwards to your mobile
in the matter of the shameless
for nothing more you have to do phone case
to the content
it will be recognized
p worked as interactive through this shadow cone
he simply did not accept to do the phone
the phone known arre and there's a watermark
in order to connect to the internet
and it was not enough content that is in this case we are teaching
percent is
the newspaper is about Lent backgrounds in its version today
but you can enjoy in doubt in a mobile way
vega and stoke vacancy to content it has is a pretty fast low
but just as this newspaper has left us, we can not access videos
you can access promotions cough access photos counselor content that
be
what we are really doing
make a mate to the interest or that his mother to the static become
interactive
attracts without greatness applied technology and watermarks
and the mobile phone that stopped as not currently all phones
they have a camera, an alternative has also been foreseen for the link to be
accessible for the largest number of users
park of mobile phones and cameras
Radiant Great Spain
the hamas had planned
simply in the application
there is a help and a mac with civility
3 the text yes
that what it consists is that by simply entering
that appears below the bottom of the icon
in that case it is virus
without big and centers that text
what to do that same quarry process
is going to the internet going to look for content
and here it gave me good
must send
and Gaddafi have defended that he has done with reva hundred of the brand of
water achieve salvation is a text combo
new internet
connects me and will not be content that will be the same newspaper and insucan
previous wanders
this allows us to expand the field of use or with the possibility of reaching
many more phones
of those that we already had and we were only talking about the recognition
of watermark hence its albacete
to the first text field
all the mobiles that the market could use to their options 2